Miss will pick you up later
What is the car number? Please tell me.
We'll keep an eye on him for you
How can I remember this? Our one-garage car?
Dozens of cars
How can I get in?
That's true.
But I remember every car in my house
Why do you keep pushing the bar?
Are you jealous of your old classmates?
Down payment daughter
Every car feels like a lot of your cars
No more no less
50 cars hahahahaha
Are 50 bicycles or 50 electric vehicles?
Five Rolls-Royces, a Mercedes, a BMW, a Bentley.
Don't flatter him
But 50 bikes are quite valuable.
Hey Ye Qiulian
I guess.
You have to take the bus to and from work every day, right?
Riding in my luxury car for the first time
It's inevitable to be a little excited
No matter how excited you are, you can't talk nonsense, right?
I really want to experience the bus
But my dad has people pick me up every day to and from get off work.
Hahahaha
You little intern?
It really got me going.
Dare to speak nonsense in front of the company's eldest lady
I'll pick you up later.
What is the title? Please tell me.
My sister will keep an eye on it for you
Five nines
Five nines hahaha your feet
That's the one who sold 500 million
Added ninety-five supreme
License plate number Ye Xiaoxia
You can brag too much.
Your vanity?
In front of my real prison
Looks ridiculous
Hey, who parked the electric car on the side of the road outside you?
The pink one is blocking the lane, please move it.
This place belongs to you, and the poorest should be yours, right?
What 95 Supreme still has someone to pick up and drop off?
It turned out to be the little broken electric donkey by the roadside.
Okay, hurry up and drive your broken car away
Later, the eldest lady's luxury car will come and scratch it.
You work all your life, you can't even fix it
It's not mine.
Ye Meng, the car keys in your hand
It's an electric car key, isn't it?
Is it the eldest lady?
Luxury car workshop car with four wheels
What's the use of a broken electric donkey with two wheels?
Could it be the key to the villa door?
Let's put your little broken car on the eldest lady
Would you like it?
Hey, hey, looking at that car makes some people give up